README.md, before:

# Flashdance (单词)

Miao miao meo meowst Meowmst.

## Adding new flashcards

1. add a new set of flashcards in `vocab_separate`
2. generate flashcards by pointing at it:

```
python3 flashcards/make_flashcards.py  --level=stront3 --exclude_levels=hsk1,hsk2,hsk3,hsk4,hsk5,stront1,stront2 --verbose=true
```

3. This will report the missing things that need to be generated with AI. It will write the relevant commands to `missing/api_commands.sh`. You can now run this file to call the API:

```
bash missing/api_commands.sh
```

This will also output the four relevant files, e.g.:

```
output/examples.tsv__gemini-1.5-flash_c25__general_example_prompt_3examples.txt
output/single_defs_for_shared_zi_multici.tsv__gemini-1.5-flash_c80__multizi_prompt.txt
output/zi_defs.tsv__gemini-1.5-flash_c80__singlezi_prompt.txt
```

However, these files are automatically recognized by the other scripts based on their name, so no need to worry about them.

4. Run `python3 resources/example_sentences/parse_example_outputs.py`. Then see the errors it reports and fix them. Then run it again.

Optional:
  * by default, everything is considered as being at the highest level. If you want the level to be lower (this influences how many same-zi ci are shown) you can modify LEVELS in `make_flashcards.py`.

5. Run `python3 resources/definitions_and_pinyin/add_to_zi_singleword_defs.py` to add the singlezi defs. It may output lines that you need to fix.

6. Run ` python3  resources/definitions_and_pinyin/add_to_multici_singleword_defs.py  `. Sehe oben

7. Run ` python3 resources/pos/parse_pos_outputs.py`. As before.

8. Run `python3 resources/usage_notes/parse_usage_notes.py`

9. Run `python3 flashcards/make_flashcards.py` againnnnn

10. profit

Commit message:

make READMe more presentable for a public repo

README.md, after:

# Flashdancei Chinese Flashcards (单词)

All-batteries-included Chinese flashcards, including Chengyu and slang from hahachn.wordpress.com!

Note: this whole directory is more complex than it needs to be with modern LLMs, and can be largely considered obsolete.

## Using these flashcards

1. Download the Reword Chinese app. This will cost about $8 for a lifetime.
2. Download the CSVs you are interestd in from the `flashcards/` folder onto your phone
3. In Reword, click Vocabulary > Add Category > Import Words > Import CSV file, and select the file you have downloaded.
4.You're ready to study!

## Generating new flashcards

Please don't do this unless you are Isaac.

1. add a new set of flashcards in `vocab_separate`
2. generate flashcards by pointing at it:

```
python3 flashcards/make_flashcards.py  --level=stront3 --exclude_levels=hsk1,hsk2,hsk3,hsk4,hsk5,stront1,stront2 --verbose=true
```

3. This will report the missing things that need to be generated with AI. It will write the relevant commands to `missing/api_commands.sh`. You can now run this file to call the API:

```
bash missing/api_commands.sh
```

This will also output the four relevant files, e.g.:

```
output/examples.tsv__gemini-1.5-flash_c25__general_example_prompt_3examples.txt
output/single_defs_for_shared_zi_multici.tsv__gemini-1.5-flash_c80__multizi_prompt.txt
output/zi_defs.tsv__gemini-1.5-flash_c80__singlezi_prompt.txt
```

However, these files are automatically recognized by the other scripts based on their name, so no need to worry about them.

4. Run `python3 resources/example_sentences/parse_example_outputs.py`. Then see the errors it reports and fix them. Then run it again.

Optional:
  * by default, everything is considered as being at the highest level. If you want the level to be lower (this influences how many same-zi ci are shown) you can modify LEVELS in `make_flashcards.py`.

5. Run `python3 resources/definitions_and_pinyin/add_to_zi_singleword_defs.py` to add the singlezi defs. It may output lines that you need to fix.

6. Run ` python3  resources/definitions_and_pinyin/add_to_multici_singleword_defs.py  `. Sehe oben

7. Run ` python3 resources/pos/parse_pos_outputs.py`. As before.

8. Run `python3 resources/usage_notes/parse_usage_notes.py`

9. Run `python3 flashcards/make_flashcards.py` againnnnn

10. profit
